add architecture/reapair/decommission docs (#154)
mesosphere/kudo-cassandra-operator: docs/repair.md

# Repair KUDO Cassandra

> KUDO Cassandra comes with a repair plan. Which can be triggered using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
KUDO Cassandra comes with a repair plan. It can be triggered using the
```

> `REPAIR_POD` parameter Let's see with an example of a 3 node cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`REPAIR_POD` parameter.

 Let's see with an example of a 3 node cluster
```
